Level of the map : MEDIUM
Duration : LONG

24 hours ago, we received a transmission from an arabic  TV channel. Terrorists said
that they have a huge fire power and they will attack a great city in the next 48 hours.
A squad has been sent to the presumed place of the terrorist's HQ, but we have lost
communications for 2 hours. Spies said that the squad managed to place explosives on
the great fire power, and told us that this power is a huge mecha with 2 turrets, 2 miniguns
and a anti-air missile battery. The explosives are quite dangerous, so the terrorists didn't
defused it.
You were sent with your team for make a big boom and destroy this damn war machine. Remember,
if you fail, a great city will be destroyed !

Good luck soldier !


Mission :

- Make your way through the streets, and reach the radiopost hold by the terrorists.
- Steal all the secret documents of the terrorist engeeners for stop the creation of
these weapons.
- Open the door of the fortress's entrance.
- Enter the fortress and make your way to the mecha.
- Press the detonator and RUN !!
 
But be carefull Soldier. There're a great ammount of guys in the area !

TIPS : Teamplay is very important in the map !
       Keep the medic close to you, he can heal you in combat.
       Be careful, there are many snipers on the roofs/balconies, use their weapons against
       them !!

Mapped by Skacky <skacky2002@yahoo.fr>

Thanks goes to :

Hezus
Master-Poda
*-+KillerMapper+-*
spy-warrior
Nih
JPolito
Stoked
Peany
Arcalis
Soul
Tuesday's Avenger
HeadCrab57

R.I.P Nadir, it'd be a stunning map, CampaignJunkie ;)


Fixes by Adambean for SC 4.5:

* Fixed players getting stuck between canopy poles and walls
* Replaced all AAATRIGGER textures to NULL to improve rendering speed
* Split the end message into 2 lines

Fixes by Adambean for SC 4.7:

* Added diagonal building brush to stop you getting stuck on the building down a cliff (just ahead of the start)
